Don't be bloody
You can say my ant sports school but the facilities don't work
Then can't you call my students trash?
They may not have a chance
But once given the opportunity
Is that just like Zhao Ruolan?
You can win the championship
To break the record?
Okay, don't say those unnutritious words
I'll just ask you one question
This decade
Your ant sports school
Have you ever been in the top ten Olympic athletes?
Nope.
But not before does not mean not now and in the future
It doesn't mean Zhao Ruolan
He can't win the championship
If you have the ability to speak with your grades, who wouldn't
You you what you
To recruit students
A junk can be called a champion
It's bottomless
Birds of a feather flock together.
Don't you just want grades?
And I'm going to prove it to you right now.
How do you want to prove it?
If I can pick up this 400kg in 10 years
Will it prove my innocence?
It can also prove that I can win the Olympic championship